1. **Every polyfill must behave as if it was built-in.** This means strictly following the ES standard and extrapolating from there, to preserve consistency as much as possible, including the smallest details.
2. **Keep it readable, simple, and educational.** Sometimes, these 3 are mutually exclusive, so I may include comments to add educational value, not just as clarification of what/why the code is doing. In the past, I sacrificed simplicity in exchange of unnecessary potential performance, but I realized the engine will (usually) know how to perfectly optimize something, and minificaton is very important because some minifiers may not recognize complex code. So keeping it simple has a net gain for everyone and everything, even though it can sacrifice educational value.
3. **Use paradigms and patterns as needed.** Every programming paradigm has its use and nobody should adhere to only 1. One should be educated enough to wisely choose the best for every case and context.
4. **Use tabs for indentation.** This is a *global rule* (it applies to **all my own** repos, and all files within them (recursively, lol)). I do it for many reasons I'll explain later in a post.
5. **Don't split too much the lines.** If something perfectly fits in 1 line, it **must** be placed in 1 line (except if it's a syntax error or it sacrifices too much readability).
6. **Formatting isn't strict.** Consistency and readability are appreciated, but formatting doesn't change the behavior of code, so it doesn't have too much priority.
7. **Avoid ";" and "{}".** Make the code look like Python lol. Ok jokes aside, this makes the code cleaner. Use semicolons and braces to avoid syntax errors and logic errors (bugs), also to reduce ambiguity (this one is only valid in a few edge cases)
8. Use **Allman style** braces when a block is long, or when the 1st inner statement is so wide that it "blends" with the outer (container) statement. Otherwise use K&R. [More info here](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indentation_style#Brace_placement_in_compound_statements)
